title: 'June 29, 2022'
date: 2022-06-29 22:51:49
categories:
- Balderdash
- Life
tags: Journal
---
Today I got up at 6:15, and drove from home at 6:25. It took me about 45 minutes to get to  company without conjestion. Once I arrived company and finished personal cleanup, I started runing on thread. I spent 30 minutes on running. And then I took a shower.

After I finished the plan of today, I was stucked in the things of project.  I was planing to do other things and what I stucked in is not important. These thing are more the PM's reponsibility. Then I had a meeting and some discusions which took my morning away.

At noon, I had a tech discussion with my member, then I didn't use my time well which caused I didn't go to the office to learn English as plan. Anyway afternoon(to 19:30) was occupied by meeting and discussion again. I did spare one hour to learn in the middle of afternoon, which I did this for the on-coming meeting with Indian. I help my colleagues to comunicated with Qcom Indian CE for a urgent problem, which had a good result. 

After I finished my dinner, I had a discussion again and was tired to continue staying, so I drove back home at 20:27.

I got to home about 21:30, and had some read. After this, I felt very tired and didn't want do whant I planed to do.

This is a big problem for me, I had a lot of blue time and I didn't know how to active it. And I planed to take subway later, If I couldn't have energy, my learning-on-subway plan will be nothing.

How should I do?