title: 'June 28, 2022'
date: 2022-06-28 22:51:49
categories:
- Balderdash
- Life
tags: Journal
---
It's hard to say how was my today. Most of days I feel I didn't use them well, I have a lot of things to do but not finish. My character! Boy, what I can say.  It is hard for me to be happy 100 percent, because I always think I need to do the right thing  efficiently, so when I am having some fun,  sometimes I will thinking the 'right' thing.

However, start today's journal. Today I got up and played a while with my daughter, which is good. After my daughter got up, she started crying for a while. I described the dumpling color and said let's see who is first one to finish breakfast. Then she stopped crying and had the dinner. And my daughter got a little fever and caugh, which made me worry.

After I finished the breakfast, I prepared my meeting and have a meeting with customer at home. I guess my english is becoming better and better. Then I drove to get my wife from her interviewed location.  Then I went to my office, I arrived after half past 11.

At noon, I had a long nap, although I didn't fall sleep, and I didn't have a shadowing practice at noon. In the afternoon I had some meetings and comunications. After this, I went a meeting room and have more 1 hour learning without interrupting, which is very very good. 

At night, I went the meeting room again, and had half an hour shadowing with Steve Jobs Speech, I felt it helps me though I don't see the good result yet.

I arrived home about 22:00, I ate many watermelons, and I didn't want to practice.

Today, I seem to prefer to take subway from driving.
